aa
abbreviata
abelmoschus
abelmoschus manihot
aberrans
abies
abjecta
ablephara
abo
abolinii
abortivum
abscissa
absinthium
abut
abutilon
abyssinica
abyssinicum
abyssinicus
acacia
acacia mangium
acalypha
acalypha multicaulis
acamptopappus
acamptopappus sphaerocephalus
acanthococcus
acantholepis
acantholimon
acanthophora
acanthurus
acaule
acaulis
acca
accara
acerifolium
acetosa
acetosella
achaia
achillea
achillea biserrata
achillea millefolium
achnatherum
achtarovii
achyrocline
achyrophorus
aciachne
acicularis
acinaciformis
aciphylla
acokanthera
acokanthera oblongifolia
aconitifolia
aconitum
aconitum shennongjiaense
acra
acrida
acris
acrobates
acrocomia
acrodonta
acrostichum
actinia
actinidia
actinocladus
aculcata
aculeata
aculeatus
acuminata
acuminatum
acutangula
acutangulum
adamsii
adana
adansonia
addendum
additicia
addoensis
adeana
adelaidae
adeliae
adenia
adenium
adenium obesum
adenolinum
adenophora
adenophyllus
adenopoda
adiantum
adonis
adoxa
adpressus
adress
adriatica
adriaticus
adspersus
adusta
aechmea
aegilopoides
aegilops
aegilops caudata
aegilops comosa
aegilops crassa
aegilops cylindrica
aegilops geniculata
aegilops markgrafii
aegilops speltoides
aegilops squarrosa
aegilops tauschii
aegilops triuncialis
aegilops ventricosa
aegopodium
aegopodium tadshikorum
aegyptia
aegyptiacus
aemula
aemulans
aemulum
aenea
aeneus
aenigmaticum
aequalis
aequinoctiale
aereus
aerius
aeruginosus
aeschynomene
aesculus
aestiva
aestivalis
aestivum
aestuaria
aethiops
afer
affinis
afgekia
afraspera
africana
africanum
africanus
agadiriana
agallocha
agapanthus
agar
agassii
agathis
agave
ageratoides
aggregatum
agilis
agnata
agrarius
agrestis
agrimonia
agrimonia eupatoria
agrimonoides
agriophyllum
agriophyllum lateriflorum
agropyroides
agropyron
agropyron bessarabicum
agropyron cristatum
agropyron dasystachyum
agropyron desertorum
agropyron libanoticum
agropyron mongolicum
agropyron trachycaulum
agrosticula
agrostis
agrostis canina
agrostis capillaris
aimara
ainsliaea
aira
airensis
aizoides
aizoon
akaka
akenocarpa
alaicus
alamo
alata
alatum
alba
alberta
albicans
albicaulis
albida
albidus
albiflora
albiflorum
albiflorus
albifrons
albimarginatus
albipannosum
albipes
alboglabra
albomaculata
albomaculatus
albomarginata
albomicans
albonervius
albopunctata
albopunctatus
albula
album
albus
alces
alchemilla
alchemilloides
alectorolophus
alegre
alentejanus
aletes
aleuticus
alexandrinum
alexandrinus
algarbiensis
algeriense
algeriensis
algirus
algoensis
alhagi
alisma
alismoides
allamanda
allamanda blanchetii
allamanda cathartica
allamanda doniana
allamanda puberula
allamanda schottii
allenii
alliacea
alliaria
allium
allium cepa
allium fistulosum
allium flavum
allium oleraceum
almum
alnus
aloe
aloides
alonsoa
alopecuros
alopecurus
alopex
alpestris
alpha
alpicola
alpina
alpinia
alpinum
alpinus
alsinoides
alstonia
alstonia boonei
alstroemeria
alstroemeria aurea
alstroemeria longistaminea
alta
altaica
altaiensis
alter
alternans
alternanthera
alternanthera paronychioides
alternanthera tenella
alternata
alterniflora
altilis
altissima
altissimum
altissimus
alyssoides
alyssoides utriculata
alyssum
alyssum alyssoides
alyssum foliosum
alyssum fulvescens
alyxia
amabile
amabilis
amaena
amaliae
amara
amaranthus
amaranthus cruentus
amaranthus hypochondriacus
amarum
amarus
amaryllis
amazonia
amazonica
amazonicus
amazonum
amba
ambavia
ambigua
ambiguum
ambiguus
amblycephala
amboinensis
amboinicus
amborella
ambrosia
ameghinoi
amelanchier
ameles
ameliae
amelichloa
amellus
americana
americanum
americanus
amethystina
amethystinus
ammosperma
amoena
amoenum
amoenus
amoreuxia
amorphophallus
ampelodesmos
amphibia
amphibius
amphibolis
amphibolus
amphicarpaea
amphidasys
amphorata
ampla
amplectens
amplum
amsonia
amur
amurensis
amygdalus
anabasis
anabasis aphylla
anacamptis
anacyclus
anagallis
anagallis-aquatica
anamesa
ananas
ananassa
anaphalis
anaphalis nepalensis
anas
anastatica
anathera
anatolica
anatolicum
anaxagorea
anchusa
ancistrocarpa
ancistroides
andersonii
andigena
andigenum
andinum
andreae
andropogon
androsace
androsaemifolium
anemanthele
anemanthele lessoniana
anemoclema
anemone
anemone multifida
anemone xingyiensis
anemonifolia
anemopaegma
angelica
angelica komarovii
angiocarpa
angiopteris
anglica
anglicum
angostura
angrenii
anguineus
anguinus
angularis
angulata
angulatus
angulosus
angustata
angustatum
angustatus
angusticollis
angustifolia
angustifolium
angustifolius
angustifrons
angustirostris
angustius
angustus
ania
anil
anisatum
anisoptera
anisostemon
anna
annandalei
annectens
annona
annua
annularis
annuum
annuus
anoda
anolis
anomala
anomalum
anomalus
anopheles
ansatum
antarctica
antarcticus
antelope
antennaria
anthemis
anthericum
anthochlamys
anthochlamys polygaloides
anthosachnoides
anthoxanthum
anthriscus
anthriscus glacialis
anthurium
anthurium andraeanum
antidysentericum
antilocapra
antipoda
antiqua
antirrhinum
antonina
anura
aotus
apella
apetala
apetalon
apetalum
aphaca
aphandra
aphanes
aphrodite
aphylla
apiomorpha
apiopetalum
apium
apocynum
apodemus
apogonia
aporosa
apparatus
appendiculata
appendiculatum
appendiculatus
approximatus
aptenodytes
apterosperma
apterus
apulia
apulica
apulum
aquaria
aquarum
aquatica
aquaticus
aquatilis
aquila
aquilegia
aquilonius
arabica
arabidopsis
arabidopsis arenosa
arabidopsis lyrata
arabidopsis suecica
arabidopsis thaliana
arabis
arabis turczaninowii
arachidis
arachis
arachis duranensis
arachis hypogaea
arachnis
arachnoides
aradensis
araraticum
araucana
araucaria
arborea
arborescens
arboreum
arbuscula
arbuthnotiae
arbutifolius
arbutus
arcticum
arcticus
arctium
arctocrania
arctophila
arcuata
ardea
areca
aremonia
arenaria
arenarium
arenarius
arenosa
areolatus
argemone
argemone mexicana
argentata
argentatum
argentatus
argentea
argenteus
argentina
argentinus
argillosa
argophyllus
argus
argyranthemum
argyreia
argyrolepis
argyrophylla
argyrophyllum
argyrophyllus
ariadna
aridum
aries
arifolia
arisaema
arisanensis
aristata
aristatum
aristavena
aristolochia
aristolochia birostris
ariza
arizonae
arizonicus
arjuna
armatus
armena
armenia
armeniaca
aromatica
ars
artabotrys
artemisia
artemisia adamsii
artemisia vulgaris
artemisiae
artemisiarum
artemisiella
arthraxon
arthrophyllum
arthropodium
articulata
artocarpus
arum
arundinacea
arundinaceum
arundinaceus
arvalis
arvense
arvensis
arvernensis
arvicola
asarifolia
asarifolium
asarum
aschenborniana
asclepias
asclepias curassavica
ascotanensis
ashei
ashokae
asiatica
asiaticum
asinus
asparagoides
asparagus
asper
aspera
asperifolia
aspersus
asperum
asphodelus
aspidistra
aspidistra erecta
aspidistra obconica
aspidistra subrotata
aspidosperma
aspidosperma pyrifolium
asplenium
assamica
assimilis
assurgens
assyriaca
aster
aster amellus
asterias
asteriscus
asterocalyx
asterotricha
astraea
astraea lobata
astragalus
astragalus frigidus
astragalus ladakensis
astragalus lasiophyllus
astranthium
astrophea
asturiensis
astyla
asumaniae
asuncionensis
atacamensis
ate
ater
athericum
atherosperma
athoum
athrotaxis
athyrium
atlantica
atlanticum
atlanticus
atomaria
atra
atraphaxis
atrata
atriceps
atriplex
atriplex aucheri
atriplex canescens
atriplex leucoclada
atriplex micrantha
atriplex patens
atriplex tatarica
atriplicis
atropa
atropurpurea
atropurpureum
atrorubens
atrosanguinea
atrovirens
attenuata
attica
atticus
aubletia
aubrieta
aucheri
audax
aulacospermum
aulacospermum ikonnikovii
aulacospermum simplex
aulacospermum tianschanicum
auleticus
aura
aurantiaca
aurantiacus
aurata
auratus
aurea
aureispinus
aureola
aureum
aureus
auricomum
auricomus
auricula
auricularia
auricularis
auriculata
aurisetus
aurita
auritus
aurosulum
australasica
australasicus
australe
australia
australis
australopyrum
australopyrum pectinatum
austriaca
austriacum
austrobaileya
austrosibiricum
austrostipa
austrostipa stipoides
autumnale
autumnalis
avellana
avena
avena barbata
avena eriantha
avena fatua
avena maroccana
avena sativa
aviculare
avicularia
avium
aylthonia
aymara
azel
azolla
azorica
azteca
azureus
b
baberka
baccatum
baccha
baccharis
bacillus
bactris
badaeva
badia
baeri
baetica
bahia
bahianus
bahiensis
baicalensis
baileyi
baillonii
bairdii
baja
balansae
balbisiana
balcanica
baldensis
baldschuanica
balearica
balliana
balsamina
balsamita
baltica
baluchestanica
bambuseti
banaticum
bandanensis
bandelierae
bangii
banksiifolia
baoshanensis
barabensis
barbadense
barbara
barbarae
barbaraeoides
barbarea
barbarea intermedia
barbarea orthoceras
barbareifolius
barbarus
barbata
barbatula
barbatus
barberi
barbinodis
barceloi
bardanoides
barituensis
barkeri
barleria
barnardia
barrelieri
barrerae
basal
basaltica
basilicum
bassia
bassia prostrata
bassia scoparia
bastetanum
batatas
batis
batrachium
battagliae
battandieri
bavarica
bavaricus
bawa
baxteri
baytopianum
beampingaratrensis
beatrix
beccabunga
beccarii
beccariophoenix
beckmannia
begonia
begonia blancii
begonia guixiensis
begonia longgangensis
begonia moneta
begonia montaniformis
begoniifolia
belangeri
belladona
belladonna
bellevalia
bellevalia mauritanica
bellevalia saviczii
belliana
bellidifolia
bellirica
bellis
bellottii
bellum
bengalense
benghalense
benghalensis
benincasa
benthamiana
benthamiella
berberidis
berberis
berberis ceratophylla
bergii
beringia
bermejoi
bernensis
berteroanus
berytheum
bessarabicum
beta
beta vulgaris
betacea
betonicifolia
betsileanus
betula
betulina
bibracteatum
bicalcaratus
bicincta
bickii
bicolor
biconvex
bicornis
bidens
biebersteiniana
biebersteinii
bienne
biennis
bifaria
bifarium
bifida
biflora
bifolia
bifolium
biformis
bifurca
bigelovii
biglumis
bilineatus
billietiae
bilobatum
bilobum
bimaculatus
bimucronatum
binata
binectariferum
binervosum
bio
biolleyana
biolleyi
birmanicus
birostris
biserrata
bispinosa
bissei
bithynica
biuncialis
bivalve
bivittatum
bixa
bixa orellana
bizarre
bladhii
blakei
blanca
blanchetia
blanchetianum
blanchetianus
blanchetii
blancii
blechnum
blepharicarpa
blepharocalyx
blitum
blitum virgatum
blossfeldiana
blutaparon
blutaparon vermiculare
boa
bodinieri
boechera
boehmeri
boehmeria
boenninghausenia
boenninghausenia albiflora
boeoticum
bogdanii
bohemica
bohemicum
boiei
boissieri
bolanderi
bolavenensis
bolbitis
boldus
bolivianus
boliviensis
bomarea
bomarea edulis
bombyx
bona
bonariense
bonariensis
bongo
bonijesu
boninensis
boonei
borago
borassus
boreale
borealis
boreoochotensis
boreus
borivilianum
borodinia
boronia
boronia chartacea
boronia clavata
boronia pinnata
boryi
borzaeana
bothriochloa
boto
botryanthus
botrychium
botrytis
botswana
bottae
bourgaeanum
bourgeaui
bouteloua
bowringii
brachiaria
brachiaria brizantha
brachiaria ruziziensis
brachinus
brachyandra
brachycarpa
brachycephalus
brachyceras
brachyelytrum
brachyglottis
brachyotis
brachypetalum
brachypodium
brachypodium distachyon
brachypodium hybridum
brachyrhynchus
brachyscome
brachyscome dichromosomatica
bracteata
bracteatum
bracteolaris
bradypus
brandtii
brasenia
brasenia schreberi
brasilia
brasiliana
brasiliensis
brassica
brassica alboglabra
brassica campestris
brassica carinata
brassica juncea
brassica maurorum
brassica napus
brassica nigra
brassica oleracea
brassica rapa
brassicaceae
brazoria
breviaristatum
brevicauda
brevicaudata
brevicaule
breviceps
brevicornis
brevidens
brevifolium
brevinoda
brevipedicellata
brevipes
brevirostris
brevirostrum
brevis
breviscapis
breviscapum
brevispathum
brevisubulatum
breweri
breynia
brezia
brickellia
brickellia chenopodina
briza
brizantha
bromelia
bromoides
bromopsis
bromus
bromus cappadocicus
bromus inermis
bromus secalinus
broteri
broussonetia
brownii
bruguiera
brumalis
brunellia
brunnea
brunnera
brunneri
brunneus
brunoi
brunonis
brutia
bryonia
bubbia
buchananii
bucharica
buchholzia
buchloe
buergeri
bufo
bufonius
buglossites
bulbifera
bulbophyllum
bulbosa
bulbosum
bulbosus
bulla
bullock
bullockia
bungei
bunias
bunium
bupleurum
bupleurum aitchisonii
burchelli
burchelliana
burgeri
burkartii
burle-marxii
burlemarxia
burlemarxia pungens
burmanii
burmeisteri
bursa
bursa-pastoris
bursicola
bursifolia
butayei
buxifolia
buxus
byblis
byzantina
c
caatingae
cabomba
cabrera
cacao
cachemiriana
cachemirianum
cacuminis
cadinensis
caduca
caerulea
caerulescens
caeruleus
caesalpinia
caespitosa
caffer
caillei
caissara
cajanus
cala
calabarensis
calabaricus
calabrica
calais
calamagrostis
calaminaria
calamus
calanthe
calcarata
calcaratus
calcarea
calceoliformis
calcicola
caledonica
calendula
calendula arvensis
calibrachoa
california
californica
californicus
caliphruria
calligonum
callisia
callisia graminea
callisia monandra
callisia repens
callistephus
callithrix
callitriche
callitriche obtusangula
callosum
callosus
calocephala
calopogon
caltha
caltha alba
caltha natans
caltha palustris
calvus
calycanthus
calyptranthes
calyptratus
calystegia
camara
camassia
cambrensis
camelina
camellia
camellia assamica
camellia sinensis
camelopardalis
campanula
campanula rotundifolia
campanulata
campanumoea
campanumoea lancifolia
campanumoea parviflora
campestre
campestris
camphorosma
camphorosma lessingii
campomanesia
camporum
camptosema
campuloclinium
campylandra
campylocarpa
campylopodium
camschatcense
camtschatica
cana
canada
canadensis
canae
cananga
canaria
canariensis
canavalia
cancellata
cancellatus
candida
candidissima
candidissimum
candidulum
candidus
candollei
canephora
canescens
canina
caninum
caninus
canis
canna
canna amabilis
cannabina
cannabinus
cannabis
cannabis sativa
cannifolium
canovirens
cantaber
cantabrica
cantabricum
cantoniensis
canum
canus
caobangensis
capense
capensis
capillacea
capillaris
capillata
capillifolium
capitata
capito
capitula
cappadocicus
capra
caprearum
capricorni
capricornis
capsella
capsella bursa
capsella bursa-pastoris
capsicum
capsicum rhomboideum
capsularis
caput-medusae
caragana
carbonaria
carcharias
cardamine
cardamine amara
cardamine flexuosa
cardamine occulta
cardamine pratensis
cardamine rivularis
cardaminifolia
cardaminoides
cardaminopsis
cardinalis
cardiospermum
cardiospermum integerrimum
cardiostemon
cardosoi
cardui
cardunculus
carduus
carex
carex blepharicarpa
carex ciliatomarginata
carex cilicica
carex conica
carex pedunculata
carica
caricis
cariensis
carinata
carinatum
carinatus
carinthiacum
carinthiacus
carissa
carissa edulis
carissa macrocarpa
carlae
carlemannia
carlemannia tetragona
carlina
carmeli
carneum
carneus
carnosus
caroli
carolina
carolinensis
caroliniana
carolinus
carota
caroxylon
carpatica
carpaticola
carpaticus
carpini
carrera
carteri
carthamus
carthamus tinctorius
carthusianum
cartwrightianus
carum
carvalhoi
carya
carya ovata
caryophyllea
caryota
cascabela
caspia
caspica
cassia
cassida
cassinia
cassubicifolius
cassubicus
castanea
castilla
castor
catalina
catalpa
catananche
cataractarum
catenatum
catharanthus
catharinae
cathartica
catharticus
cathcartia
catherinae
catholica
cattleyanum
catunaregam
caucasalia
caucasica
caucasicus
caudata
caudatus
cavanillesia
cavanillesii
cavicola
cayana
cayenensis
cayennensis
cazorlanum
ceciliae
cecropia
cecropia peltata
celebensis
cellatus
celtica
cenchrus
cenchrus ciliaris
centaurea
centaurea jacea
centaurea stoebe
centaurium
centauropsideus
centotheca
centralis
centratherum
centratherum punctatum
cepa
cepaea
cephalanthera
cephalanthera longifolia
cephalaria
cephalotes
cerapadus
cerasifera
cerasiferus
cerastes
cerastium
cerasus
ceratina
ceratocarpa
ceratochloa
ceratophylla
ceratophylloides
ceratophyllum
ceratopteris
ceratozamia
ceratozamia mexicana
cerbera
cerberus
cereale
cerealis
cerinthe
cernua
cernuum
cerradensis
cervinus
cespitosa
cestrum
chaba
chacoense
chacoensis
chalepensis
chalybaea
chalybea
chamaecephalus
chamaecrista
chamaemelifolia
chamaemorus
chamaerops
chameleon
chamerion
chamerion angustifolium
chamira
chamomilla
chancayense
chang
changii
chankaensis
chaquensis
charantia
chartacea
chaseae
chatienshanianum
chaucha
chebula
cheilanthes
cheirolophus
chelidonii
chelidonium
chenopodium
chenopodium album
chenopodium pratericola
chenopodium probstii
chenopodium quinoa
chesneya
chetikiana
chia
chiapensis
chienii
chiisanense
chilense
chilensis
chiloensis
chilotanum
chimaera
chimboracensis
chimonanthus
china
chinense
chinensis
chingipengii
chionochloa
chionolaena
chiquitensis
chiriquense
chironectes
chiroptera
chlorophytum
chloropsis
chloropterus
chondrophylla
christensonella
chromolaena
chromolaena odorata
chrysactinia
chrysalidocarpus
chrysanthemum
chrysanthus
chrysocephalus
chrysocomus
chrysolaena
chrysolaena cognata
chrysomela
chrysophorus
chrysopogon
chrysopterus
chrysotoxum
cicer
cicer arietinum
cicera
cicerbita
cicerbita lessertiana
cichorium
cienfuegosia
cienfuegosia tripartita
cilentana
ciliare
ciliaris
ciliata
ciliatiflorum
ciliatomarginata
ciliatus
cilicica
cimex
ciminalis
cincinnatum
cinctus
cineraria
cinerariifolium
cinerea
cinereus
ciniformis
cinnabarinum
cinnamomea
cintranum
cinum
circaeoides
circularis
circumdatus
cirrhosa
cirsium
cirsium altissimum
cirsium brevifolium
cirsium quercetorum
ciscaucasicum
cissus
cistus
cita
citrifolius
citrina
citriodora
citrullus
citrus
citrus assamensis
clandestina
clarinervium
clarisia
clarkei
clarkia
clarkii
clathratus
claussenii
clavata
claytonia
claytonia virginica
claytoniana
cleistopholis
clematis
clematis graveolens
clematitis
clements
cleome
clerodendrum
climacoptera
clivicola
clusiana
clusii
clymene
coccinea
coccineum
coccineus
coccinia
coccoidea
coccus
cochinchinensis
cochlearia
cochlospermum
cocos
codon
codonopsis
codyanus
coelestis
coelopleurum
coerulans
coerulea
coerulescens
coffea
coffea arabica
coffea canephora
coffeoides
cognata
coi
coix
coix gigantea
colchica
colchicum
colchicus
coleoptera
coleus
colimensis
colla
collaris
colleri
collina
collinsii
collinus
colocasia
colonum
colorado
coloradorum
colorata
coloratus
colpodium
columba
columbarius
columbia
columbina
columnaris
colutea
colutea nepalensis
colymbada
colymbetes
come
comes
commelina
commersonii
communis
commutatum
comocladiifolia
comosa
comosum
compacta
compactum
complanatus
complex
compositus
compressa
compressum
compressus
concatenata
concava
concinna
concinnum
concolor
concordia
condensata
conferta
confinis
confluens
conformis
confusa
confusus
congener
congensis
congesta
congo
conica
conicus
conioselinum
connata
connexa
conoclinium
conoidea
consanguinea
consanguineus
consobrina
consobrinus
consolea
conspersus
constricta
contaminata
contiguus
continuum
contortus
contra
contracta
controversum
convoluta
convolvulus
conyza
conyza canadensis
cookii
cooperi
copaifera
copelandii
cophocarpa
coquimbensis
coracana
coracinus
corallinus
corallodiscus
corallodiscus lanuginosus
corchorus
corcovadense
cordi
cordillera
cordobense
core
coreana
coriaceus
coriandrum
coriandrum sativum
coriophora
coris
corispermum
coristospermum
corniculata
corniculatus
cornopteris
cornus
cornuta
cornutum
cornutus
coromandelina
corona
coronata
coronatus
coronopus
correia
correntinus
corruscans
corsica
corsicum
corsicus
cortaderia
cortusifolium
corydalis
corydalis meifolia
corylus
corymbia
corymbosa
corymbosum
coryphantha
cosentinii
costa
costalis
costata
costatus
costus
cotoneaster
cotyledon
coum
crambe
crassicauda
crassicaudata
crassicaulis
crassidens
crassifila
crassifolia
crassinervium
crassiseta
crassispinus
crassiusculum
crassna
crassula
crassuloides
crassulus
crassum
crassus
crataegus
cremnophyton
cremolobus
crenata
crenulatum
crepis
crepis alpina
crepis balliana
crepis bursifolia
crepis capillaris
crepis incana
crepis sibthorpiana
crepitans
cretensis
cretica
creticus
crimea
crinifrons
crinita
crinitina
crinum
crispa
crispata
crispus
cristata
cristatum
cristatus
cristobaliana
criterion
croatica
crocata
crocea
crocodilus
crocus
crocus corsicus
crocus hyemalis
crocus sativus
crossostylis
crotalaria
croton
croton argenteus
croton argyrophyllus
croton blanchetianus
croton glandulosus
croton heliotropiifolius
crucianella
cruciata
cruciatus
crucifer
cruciformis
crucihimalaya
cruentata
cruentus
crustacea
cryptanthus
cryptocarya
cryptocarya laevigata
cryptochloris
cryptomeria
cryptospora
cryptostemma
cryptotaenia
csikii
ctenanthe
ctenanthe burle-marxii
ctenanthe setosa
ctenium
ctenium concinnum
cuba
cubeba
cucullata
cucumeris
cucumis
cucumis hystrix
cucumis sativus
cucurbita
cucurbita pepo
culasiensis
culinaris
cultrata
cuminia
cuminia eriantha
cumulopuntia
cunninghamia
cupana
cuphea
cuprea
cupreus
cuprina
curassavica
curcuma
curcuma comosa
curitiba
cursor
curtipendula
curtissii
curupi
curvata
curvirostris
curvispinus
curvula
cuscuta
cuspidatum
cyamopsis
cyanea
cyaneum
cyaneus
cyanococcus
cyanotis
cyanus
cyathocalyx
cybistax
cycas
cyclamen
cyclamen persicum
cyclamen repandum
cyclamineus
cyclocodon
cyclopia
cyclops
cyclosecta
cygnus
cylicomorpha
cylindrica
cylindricus
cymbalaria
cymbidium
cymbopetalum
cymbopogon
cymbopogon martini
cymodocea
cymodocea angustata
cymopterus
cynara
cynodon
cynodon dactylon
cynoglottis
cynops
cynthia
cypella
cyperus
cyphomandra
cypria
cypripedium
cyrenaica
cyrtanthus
cyrtoloba
cyste
czernaevia
dabieshanensis
dacica
dacruzii
dacrycarpus
dactylis
dactylis glomerata
dactyloides
dactylon
dactylorhiza
dactylorhiza majalis
dahlia
dahuricus
dalbergia
damarensis
damascena
damasonium
damit
damnacanthus
danaus
dandelion
danica
danielii
danthoniastrum
daphnandra
daphniphyllum
daruma
darwinianus
darwinii
dasia
dasypus
dasypyrum
dasypyrum breviaristatum
dasypyrum hordeaceum
dasypyrum villosum
dasystachyum
datura
daucus
daucus carota
daurica
dauricus
dauurica
davidiana
davidianus
dealbata
deamii
debaoensis
debbertiana
debilis
debneyi
decaisnei
decaloba
decipiens
declivis
decora
decorata
decumbens
defecta
degenerans
degeneria
degenia
deidamia
deinacanthon
deinacanthon urbanianum
delia
delicatus
delphinium
delphinium roylei
delphinium uncinatum
delpontei
delta
deltae
deltoides
demerarae
demidovii
demissa
demissum
dendranthema
dendriopoterium
dendrobates
dendrobium
dendrocalamus
dendrosenecio
densifimbriata
densiflora
dentata
dentatum
dentatus
denticulata
denticulatus
denudata
depauperata
depressum
derris
dertosensis
deschampsia
deschampsia cespitosa
descurainia
deserticola
desertus
desmodium
despiciens
destructor
detarium
deyeuxia
deyeuxia scabrescens
diadema
diadematus
diamantina
diamesa
diandra
dianthus
dianthus angulatus
diaperia
diaphana
diceros
dichopogon
dichorisandra
dichorisandra hexandra
dichotoma
dichromosomatica
dicoccoides
dicoccum
dictyoptera
didactylus
difficilis
difformis
diffusum
diffusus
digenea
digitaria
digitata
digitatum
digitatus
diheteropogon
dilatata
dilatatum
dillenii
diluta
dimidiata
dimidiatus
dimorphandra
dimorphopetala
dimorphotheca
dines
dioica
dionysicum
dioon
dioscorea
dioscorea alata
diospyros
diospyros kaki
dipcadi
diphylla
diplazium
diplazium dilatatum
diplazium donianum
diplazium esculentum
diplazium hachijoense
diplazium mesosorum
diplazium wichurae
diploglossa
diplolepis
diplonema
diploperennis
diplotaxis
diplotaxis catholica
diplotaxis muralis
dipogon
diptera
dipteronia
dirphya
disciforme
discoidalis
discoideum
discolor
discretum
dispar
dispathaceus
dissecta
dissectum
distachyon
distachyum
distans
distephana
distichum
distincta
distinctus
distortus
divaricata
divergens
diversifolia
diversifolium
divulgata
divulgatiformis
dodartii
doederleinii
doerfleri
dohertyi
doka
dolabratum
dolichocarpa
dolichochaeta
dolichostachya
domestica
domesticus
dominii
donax
doniana
donnellii
dora
doriae
doronicum
dorsata
dorstenia
dorstenia mannii
doryanthes
dorycnium
douglasiana
draba
drabastrum
dracaena
dracocephalum
dracocephalum thymiflorum
drimys
drosera
drosocalyx
drosophila
drosophyllum
drummondii
drunensis
druryi
dryas
drymeia
dryopteris
du
duabanga
dubia
dubium
dubius
duboisia
duckeella
duckei
dugesia
dugesii
duguetia
duidae
dulcamara
dulcis
dumetorum
dunnii
duplex
duplicato-serrata
duriense
durifolium
durio
durum
durus
duthiea
duthiei
dybowskii
dyeriana
dypsis
dypsis madagascariensis
dysenterica
dysosmia
dzhawakhetica
ebenus
eboracensis
ebrahim
eburneum
ecaudata
ecaudatus
ecballium
echidna
echinochloa
echinochloa colonum
echinodorus
echinops
echinops graecus
echinopsis
echinospora
echinostoma
echioides
echium
edentulus
edgeworthii
edirnensis
edulis
edwardii
edwardsii
effusum
egaliksensis
egletes
ehlersiae
ehrenbergii
eichhornia
eichhornia crassipes
eichingeri
eirmocephala
elaeis
elaeosticta
elaeosticta bucharica
elaphoglossum
elaphroxylon
elata
elatior
elatum
elba
eldorado
elegans
eleocharis
eleocharis geniculata
eleocharis maculosa
eleocharis montana
eleocharis ovata
eleocharis palustris
eleocharis sellowiana
eleocharis subarticulata
elephantinus
elephantopus
elephantopus mollis
eleusine
eleutherine
eleutherine bulbosa
elionurus
eliosurum
elliottiana
elliptica
ellipticus
elodeoides
elongata
elongatoides
elongatum
elongatus
elwendia
elwendia persica
elwesii
elymus
elymus anthosachnoides
elymus canadensis
elymus confusus
elymus dolichatherus
elymus himalayanus
elymus magellanicus
elymus nutans
elymus panormitanus
elymus rectisetus
elymus repens
elymus shandongensis
elymus trachycaulus
elytra
elytrigia
elytrigia caespitosa
elytrigia repens
emarginatus
emilia
emilia sonchifolia
emiliae
eminens
emodensis
empedoclea
enallagma
endiandra
endlicheri
endressii
enigma
ensete
eomecon
epidendrum
epidendrum cinnabarinum
epilinum
epilobium
epilobium angustifolium
epimedium
epimedium koreanum
epimedium macranthum
epipactis
epirotica
episcopus
equestris
equisetina
equisetum
eragrostis
eragrostis curvula
eranthemum
eranthemum capense
erecta
erectoides
erectum
erectus
eremicus
eremopyrum
eremopyrum bonaepartis
eriantha
erianthum
erianthus
ericetorum
ericoides
erigeron
erigeron alpinus
erigeron annuus
erigeron patentisquama
erinacea
erinaceus
eriococcus
eriocoma
eriogona
eriophorum
eriopodus
eriospermus
erosion
erraticum
erratum
erucago
eruciformis
ervilia
ervum
erycina
eryngium
eryngium regnellii
erysimum
erysimum hieraciifolium
erythraea
erythrina
erythrinus
erythropappa
erythrostemon
escallonia
escape
esculenta
esculentum
esculentus
esmeralda
espinosa
esseriana
esthonica
etruscus
etuberosum
eublepharis
eucalyptus
eucharis
euchlaena
euchroma
euclaston
eucomis
eucommia
eucomum
eucomus
eugenia
eugenii
euglossa
eulae
eulaliopsis
eulaliopsis binata
eumeces
eumorpha
euosmus
eupatoria
eupatorium
euphorbia
euphorbiae
euphrasia
eupomatia
euptelea
europa
europaea
europaeus
europea
euryale
eurycephalus
euryptera
eusideroxylon
euterpe
eutrema
evenia
evertii
evia
evolvulus
evolvulus filipes
evolvulus glomeratus
exarata
excavata
exclamationis
exigua
exilis
exoleta
exornata
expansa
exspectata
exsudans
exulans
f
f.
faba
faberia
fagopyrum
fagopyrum esculentum
fagopyrum tataricum
fagus
fagus sylvatica
falcata
falcatus
falconensis
fallax
fallopia
fallopia japonica
familiaris
fanjingshanicus
faria
farinosa
farreri
farsi
fasciata
fasciatum
fasciatus
fasciculata
fasciculatum
fastigiata
fatua
fea
feae
fedia
fedtschenkoi
feijoa
felinus
felis
felix
fendleri
fenestratus
fenicis
fer
ferganense
fergusoniae
fernandesii
ferocissimum
ferrea
ferruginea
fertile
ferula
ferulaceum
festivus
festuca
festuca arundinacea
festuca pratensis
festuca rubra
festucopsis
festulolium
festulpia
festulpia hubbardii
ficifolium
ficulneus
ficus
ficus carica
filago
filamentosa
filaria
filgueirasii
filicaulis
filiculmis
filiculoides
filifolia
filifolium
filiformis
filipendula
filipes
filix
filix-mas
fimbriata
finitimus
fiorii
fischeri
fisheri
fissurale
fistulosa
fistulosum
fistulosus
flaccida
flacourtia
flagellaris
flagellum
flagrans
flamingo
flammea
flammula
flavescens
flavida
flavidum
flavidus
flavomaculatus
flavoviridis
flavum
flavus
flexicaulis
flexilis
flexuosa
flexuosus
floccifolia
flodmanii
flora
floribunda
floribundus
florida
floridana
floridanus
floridum
fluitans
fluviatilis
fo
foeniculum
foenum-graecum
foersteri
foetida
foetidum
foliolosa
foliolosum
foliosa
foliosum
foliosus
fontana
fontanum
fontanus
fontinalis
fontqueri
forcipatus
foreziensis
formicaria
formosa
formosae
formosana
formosanus
formosus
forrestii
forskohlii
forsteri
forsterianum
forsythii
fortis
fortunei
fortunella
fosbergii
fosteri
fosteriana
fourcroydes
foveolata
fragaria
fragaria chiloensis
fragaria vesca
fragaria × ananassa
fragile
fragilis
fragrans
franciscana
fraterna
fraxinus
fraxinus americana
frequens
freya
friedrichkarlmeyeria
frigida
frigidus
fritillaria
fritillaria japonica
fritillaria montana
fritillaria persica
frommia
frondosa
fructus
frutescens
fruticans
fruticosa
fruticulosa
fuchsii
fulcrata
fulgens
fuliginosus
fulvescens
fulvida
fulvipes
fulvus
fumana
fumaria
fumaria indica
fumatus
funebris
funerea
fungilliformis
fur
furcata
furcraea
furcraea foetida
furfuracea
furusei
furva
furvus
fusaea
fusca
fuscata
fuscipes
fuscula
fuscus
gabriel
gaditanus
gagea
gagea pratensis
gagnepainia
gaimardia
gairdneri
galatica
galax
galaxias
galbulimima
galeopsis
galeottiana
galerita
galioides
galitzkya
galitzkya macrocarpa
galium
galium austriacum
gallaecica
gallicus
gallii
galloprovincialis
gamma
gandogeri
ganglinosa
garcia
gardenia
gasteria
gasterosteus
gaya
gazella
gazellae
geigeria
gem
gemina
geminata
geminatus
geminus
gemmifera
genesis
geniculata
geniculatum
geniculatus
genista
genlisea
gentiana
gentiana aristata
gentiana pyrenaica
gentianella
gentile
gentilis
genuina
geometricus
georgia
geranium
geranium lucidum
geranium pratense
gerardii
gerbera
germanica
germanicus
gervaisii
gesneriana
gessnacensis
gethyum
geum
giardia
gibasis
gibasis geniculata
gibasis karwinskyana
gibasis rhodantha
gibba
gibbaria
gibbsii
gibbulosa
gigantea
giganteum
giganteus
gigas
gilia
gilo
ginkgo
ginseng
giraffa
glaber
glabra
glabrata
glabratus
glabrescens
glaciale
glacialis
gladiata
gladiifolium
gladiolus
gladiolus tenuis
glandulosa
glandulosus
glauca
glaucescens
glaucifolium
glaucinus
glaucissimus
glaucophyllum
glaucovirens
glaucum
glaucus
glazioviana
glaziovii
glechoma
gliroides
globba
globicephala
globosa
globulus
glochidion
glomerata
glomeratus
gloria
glossocalyx
glossostigma
glossostoma
glutinosa
glutinosus
glycine
glycine hirticaulis
glycine max
glycine tabacina
glycine tomentella
glycosmis
gmelini
gmelinii
gnaphalium
gnaphalodes
gnoma
godeffroyi
goeldii
goeppertia
goeppertia ornata
gomidesia
gomortega
gomortega nitida
gonatodes
gongshanensis
goniolimon
goodyera
gora
gossypioides
gossypium
gossypium arboreum
gossypium barbadense
gossypium herbaceum
gossypium hirsutum
gothicum
goulardia
gouldii
govanianum
goyazensis
grabowskia
gracile
gracilenta
gracilipes
gracilis
gracillima
graciosus
graecum
graecus
grallatoria
graminea
gramineus
graminicola
graminifolia
graminis
grammica
grammicus
granatense
grande
grandidentata
grandidieri
grandiflora
grandiflorum
grandiflorus
grandiligulata
grandis
grandivelus
granthamiana
grantii
granulata
gratiolae
gratiosa
gratissimum
graveolens
grayana
grayi
greenmanii
gregalis
gregaria
grewia
greyi
griffin
griffithiana
grindelia
grindelia camporum
griseoviridis
griseus
groenlandica
grossa
grossheimia
grossum
group
gryllus
grypoceras
guadalupensis
guajava
guangxiensis
guaraniticus
guatteria
gueldenstaedtia
gueldenstaedtia verna
guentheri
gui
guianense
guianensis
guilinensis
guineense
guineensis
guizotia
gulosa
gusk
gussoneanum
gussonei
guttatus
guttulatus
guyannensis
gymnandrum
gymnopodium
gymnothrix
gypsophila
gypsophila bermejoi
haageocereus
habenaria
habranthus
habranthus itaobinus
hachijoense
hachijoensis
hadriaticus
haematostigma
haemorrhoidalis
haenkeanus
hagae
hageri
hainanecio
hainanensis
hajastana
hakodate
hakonensis
hakusanensis
halepense
halimium
halimocnemis
halimus
halleri
halocarpus
halodule
halodule pinifolia
halophilus
halostachys
halothamnus
hamata
hamatus
hamiltonii
hamulata
hanburyi
hancornia
hancornia speciosa
handroanthus
haplopappus
haplopappus gracilis
haplophyllum
haplotricha
harknessii
harlandii
harpago
harrisiana
hartia
hassleri
hastatulus
hastatum
hastatus
hatschbachii
hattori
hausmannii
haussknechtii
hauthalii
hawkeri
haworthia
hayata
haynaldia
haynaldii
hedera
hederacea
hederaceum
hederifolius
hedycarya
hedyosmum
hedysarum
hedysarum argyrophyllum
hedysarum austrosibiricum
hedysarum cachemirianum
heimii
heldreichiana
heldreichii
helena
heleonastes
helianthemum
helianthus
helianthus annuus
helianthus maximiliani
helichrysum
helicoidea
helictotrichon
helictotrichon cincinnatum
heliophila
helios
heliotropiifolius
heliotropioides
helleborine
helminthotheca
helodes
heloniopsis
heloniopsis orientalis
helosciadium
helvetica
hemarthria
hemarthria compressa
hemerocallis
hemiphylacus
hemiphylacus alatostylus
hemiptera
hemisphaerica
henlea
hennecartia
henriquesii
henryi
hepatica
heptacodium
heptallon
her
heracleum
heracleum brunonis
heracleum dissectum
herbacea
herbaceum
herbertiana
hercegovina
herissantia
herissantia tiubae
hermanni
hermaphroditica
hermaphroditus
hermione
hermoneus
hernandia
herniaria
herpestes
herrera
hesperidum
hesperis
hesperocallis
heteranthera
heteranthera oblongifolia
heterodon
heterodontus
heterolepis
heteromallus
heterophylla
heterophyllum
heteropoda
heteropogon
heteroptera
heterostachya
heterostachys
heterostemon
heterotaxis
heterotheca
heterotoma
heterotricha
heterotropa
heuchera
heuffelianus
heufleriana
hevea
hexandra
hexandrum
hexastachyum
heyderi
hibernica
hibernicus
hibiscus
hibiscus cannabinus
hieraciifolium
hieracium
hieracium vulgatum
hierapytnense
hierochloe
hierochloe australis
hii
hilarii
hilgendorfi
himalaica
himalaicus
himalayensis
himantoglossum
hippeastrum
hippocrepis
hippocrepis comosa
hippoglossus
hippophae
hirsuta
hirsutum
hirsutus
hirta
hirtella
hirtellus
hirtiflora
hirtiflorus
hirtula
hispanica
hispidula
hispidum
hispidus
hitchcockii
hjertingii
hochstetteri
hochstetteriana
hoehnei
hoffmannii
hoggariensis
hohenackeri
hokouensis
holboellii
holcus
holdereri
hollandicus
holmskioldia
holochilus
holosericea
holubogentia
homblei
homogyniphyllus
hondoense
honestum
honestus
honolulu
hookeri
hookeriana
hopeiensis
hordeaceum
hordelymus
hordeum
hordeum bogdanii
hordeum bulbosum
hordeum chilense
hordeum lechleri
hordeum marinum
hordeum murinum
hordeum parodii
hordeum pusillum
hordeum violaceum
hordeum vulgare
hormathophylla
horridum
horridus
horsfieldii
hortensis
hortulorum
hosta
hottentotta
houtteana
hova
huashanica
hubbardii
huberi
hughesii
humidicola
humifusa
humile
humilis
humulus
hunanensis
hungarica
hungaricus
hunteri
hunua
hupingshanensis
hutera
hyacinthella
hyacinthinus
hyacinthoides
hyacinthus
hyalina
hybrida
hybridum
hybridus
hydra
hydrangea
hydrocleys
hydrocotyle
hydrophilus
hydropiperoides
hyemalis
hygrophilum
hylaeae
hyline
hylobates
hylocereus
hylocereus monacanthus
hylocereus undatus
hylodes
hymenaea
hymenocallis
hymenoides
hymenophyllum
hymenoptera
hymenothrix
hymenoxys
hymenoxys texana
hyparrhenia
hypecoum
hypericum
hypericum elodeoides
hypericum perforatum
hypocalyptus
hypochaeris
hypochionaeus
hypochondriacus
hypogaea
hypoglauca
hypselodelphys
hyrcanica
hyssopus
hystrix
hystrix patula
ibex
ibicuiensis
ibis
ibityensis
iburua
icarus
ictericus
ida
idae
idaea
idaeobatus
idaeum
idaeus
idahoensis
idea
idesia
ifloga
ignorata
iheringii
ihsanalshehbazia
iinumae
ikonnikovii
ilex
illigera
illigera trifoliata
illirica
illus
illustris
imaii
imberbis
immaculatus
impatiens
impatiens amphorata
impatiens reidii
imperata
imperator
imperfecta
impetiginosus
impressa
inaequidens
inca
incana
incanus
incarnata
incarnatum
incarum
incilis
incisa
incisifolius
incisus
includens
incognita
incognitus
incomptum
inconspicua
indeterminata
index
india
indiana
indica
indicae
indicum
indicus
indigo
indigofera
indigofera hamiltonii
indigotica
indistinctum
indurata
induratus
indutus
ineptus
inermis
inferior
infestans
infirmus
infuscatus
inga
ingens
ingulba
inodora
inodorum
inopinatus
inops
inornata
insculpta
insecta
insectivora
insigne
insignis
insititia
instar
insueta
insularis
integerrima
integrifolia
integrifolium
interior
interioris
intermedia
intermedium
intermedius
intermixta
interruptus
intortusifolius
intricata
intybaceus
intybus
inula
involucrata
involvens
io
ion
ionantha
ionocalyx
ipetiensis
ipheion
ipomoea
ipomoea longeramosa
ipomoea marcellia
ira
iracundus
iranica
iranicum
iris
iris boissieri
iris serotina
iris versicolor
iris xiphium
irkutensis
iron
irradians
irritans
irrorata
irroratus
isatis
isatis indigotica
ischaemum
iseilema
isfahan
isocoma
isodon
isoetes
isoetes asiatica
isoetes japonica
isoloba
isomeria
isonema
isonema smeathmannii
isoplexis
isopoda
isoptera
isotrichus
isthmocarpa
istria
italia
italica
italicum
iwatensis
ixerba
ixeridium
ixeridium calcicola
ixeridium laevigatum
ixeris
ixioides
ixocarpa
ixora
jaca
jacaranda
jacea
jackson
jacobaea
jacobaea vulgaris
jacquemontia
jacquemontii
jacutica
jaeschkea
jagus
jalapae
jaliscensis
jamaica
jambhiri
japonensis
japonica
japonicum
japonicus
japonolirion
jararaca
jarava
jarilla
jasione
jatamansi
jatropha
jaumavensis
java
javanica
javanicus
jefferyi
jenny
jinyunensis
jishouensis
johannesteijsmannia
jonquilla
jubaea
jubaea chilensis
jubatum
judaica
judaicum
juglans
jujuba
julia
julianae
juliflora
juncea
junceiforme
junceum
juncoides
juncta
juncus
juncus biglumis
junior
juniperinus
juniperus
juvenalis
juzepczukii
kaessneri
kai
kaiseri
kaki
kalanchoe
kali
kalidium
kamchatica
kamtschatica
karwinskyana
kawabatae
kazbegi
kazi
kelloggia
kengyilia
kengyilia laxiflora
kerkis
kermesinum
ketzkhovelii
keyserlingii
khalijefarsica
khasianum
khinjuk
khorassanica
kibara
kibara macrophylla
kidoi
kigeziensis
kingii
kirilowii
kirkii
kitaibelii
knautia
knautia maxima
kniphofia
koa
kobus
kochia
kochia prostrata
kochii
koeleria
kohautia
kohautia platyphylla
kokanica
kokia
kola
kolbia
komarovii
konishii
kopetdaghensis
kopsia
kora
koreanum
koreanus
koreensis
korshinskyi
kosaninii
kotschyi
krameri
kraussiana
kronei
krylovii
kuala
kuepferella
kuhlii
kuratae
kurilensis
kurnet-es-saudae
kuroiwae
kurokamiana
kurtzianum
kwangsiensis
kyllinga
labordia
labradorica
labrosa
labrosus
lacerdae
lacerta
lachenalia
laciniata
laciniatum
lacistema
lacistrum
lacteus
lactiflorum
lactuca
lacunarius
ladanum
laeta
laevigata
laevigatum
laevis
lagenaria
lagoa
lagochilus
lagopus
laguna
lahue
lainzii
lamarum
lamina
lampas
lanatus
lancea
lanceolata
lanceolatum
lanceolatus
lanciflorum
lancifolia
lancifolium
landolphia
landolphia membranacea
lanfrancoi
lang
langsdorffii
langsdorfii
langsonensis
laniger
lanipes
lantana
lanuginosa
lanuginosus
lapeirousia
lappa
lappacea
lapponica
lapponicus
lara
larga
largus
larix
larrea
larvata
larvatus
laser
lasiolepis
lasiopetala
lasiophyllus
lasiurus
lasius
lata
latace
latania
lateralis
laterepens
lateriflorum
lathyrus
lathyrus ketzkhovelii
lathyrus odoratus
lathyrus palustris
laticeps
laticornis
latiflorus
latifolia
latifolium
latifrons
latilobum
latior
latipes
latipinnum
latirostris
latisquama
latius
latro
latrodectus
latus
laurel
laureola
laurina
lavandula
lavandulifolia
lavandulifolium
lavatera
lavatera olbia
lavatera trimestris
laxa
laxeracemosa
laxiflora
laxum
layia
lazaridis
le
lecanium
lechleri
lei
leiboensis
leiodes
leiolepis
lemniscatus
lens
lenticellatus
lenticularis
lentiscus
leo
leonardi
leonina
leontodon
leontopodium
leontopodium alpinum
lepia
lepidium
lepidocaryum
lepidoptera
lepidothamnus
lepidozamia
lepisorus
lepisorus angustus
lepisorus thunbergianus
leporinum
leporinus
leptocentrus
leptochila
leptonema
leptopetalum
leptophylla
leptostachys
leptostachyus
lepturus
lesquerella
lesquerella fendleri
lessertiana
lessingianthus
lessingianthus laniferus
lessingianthus niederleinii
lessingii
lessonae
leucaena
leucaena confertiflora
leucantha
leucanthemum
leuciscus
leucocaulos
leucocephala
leucocephalus
leucoclada
leucocoryne
leucocrinum
leucodon
leucojum
leucomelaena
leuconeura
leuconotus
leucopis
leucopoa
leucotis
leve
levigatum
leymus
leymus mollis
lian
liang
libanotica
libanoticum
libanotis
libellula
liberica
libertia
libocedrus
libycus
licinus
licuala
lignifera
ligularia
ligustica
ligusticum
lii
lilac
lilacina
liliago
lilium
lilium longiflorum
lilloanus
lima
limbata
limbatum
limbatus
limnanthes
limnocharis
limnochloa
limodorum
limodorum abortivum
limonia
limonium
limonium sinuatum
linarantha
linaria
lindenianum
lineariloba
linearis
lineatum
lineatus
lingua
linifolium
linopsis
linum
linum usitatissimum
liparia
lipothrix
lippia
lippia alba
liquidambar
liriodendron
liriope
lithocarpus
lithophragma
lithospermifolium
littoralis
livistona
livistona chinensis
lloydia
lobata
lobatum
lobelia
locusta
loddigesii
loefgreniana
loefgrenii
loliacea
lolioides
lolium
lolium multiflorum
lolium perenne
lomatocarpa
lomatocarpa albomarginata
lomelosia
lonchophylla
loncomelos
longa
longearistatus
longeramosa
longgangensis
longi
longiareolata
longibracteatum
longicarpum
longicaudata
longicaudatus
longicaudus
longiceps
longicollis
longicornis
longicuspis
longiflorum
longiflorus
longifolia
longifolium
longiloba
longilobus
longipes
longirostris
longiseta
longispatha
longispina
longissima
longistaminea
longistyla
longituba
longshengensis
longus
lonicera
look
lophopyrum
lophostoma
loquat
loricaria
loropetalum
loscosii
lotus
lotus corniculatus
louisiana
louisianae
lowei
lucanusianus
lucida
lucidum
lucifugus
lucilia
lucorum
ludlowii
luffa
lugens
lugubris
luna
lunatus
lunifer
lupinus
lupinus polyphyllus
lupularia
lurida
lusitanica
lusitanicum
lusitanicus
lusitanum
lutarioriparius
lutchuensis
lutea
luteolus
lutescens
luteum
luteus
lutzii
luxurians
luzula
luzula elegans
luzula multiflora
luzulae
lyallii
lychnis
lychnitis
lycioides
lycium
lycium ferocissimum
lycoctonum
lycopersicoides
lycopersicon
lycopersicum
lycopus
lycopus maackianus
lycopus uniflorus
lycoris
lycoris aurea
lygeum
lyrata
lysimachia
maackianus
macaca
macadamia
macao
macaranga
macer
macowanii
macracanthus
macrantha
macranthum
macrocarpa
macrocarpus
macrocephalum
macrocephalus
macrocerus
macrochloa
macrolophus
macropharynx
macrophylla
macrophyllus
macropterus
macropus
macrorhyncha
macrorhynchus
macrorrhiza
macrorrhizum
macrorrhyncha
macrospermum
macrostachyum
macrostemon
macrostomum
macrotis
macrotrema
macrotum
macrotus
macrotyloma
macroura
macrum
macrurus
maculata
maculatum
maculatus
maculosa
maculosus
madagascarensis
madagascariensis
madeirae
maderense
madritensis
maekawa
magadania
magadania victoris
magdalena
magellanicus
magen
magna
magnifrons
magnirostris
magnolia
magnus
mahonia
maia
maianthemum
maihuenia
maihuenia patagonica
maior
maire
mairei
majalis
major
majori
majus
makinoi
malabarensis
malabaricus
malaccensis
malacodendron
malagasy
malaisia
malaissei
malania
malayanus
mali
malitiosa
mallota
malmeanum
malope
malus
malva
mammosum
mammosus
mandarina
mandevilla
mandevilla sancta
mandevilla tenuifolia
mandschurica
manfreda
mangifera
mangium
mango
manicata
maniensis
manihot
manis
manna
mannii
manoao
mantegazzianus
mantis
mapuchea
maranhensis
maranta
maranta arundinacea
marantochloa
marantochloa conferta
marattia
marcellia
marcianus
marechalii
margarita
margaritacea
margaritaria
marginale
marginata
marginatum
marginatus
maria
mariae
mariana
mariannensis
marica
marica gracilis
marina
marinum
marinus
maritima
maritimum
maritimus
markgrafii
marmorata
marmoratus
marmoreus
marmota
marnieriana
maroccana
maronii
marrubium
mars
marschalliana
marsdenia
marsdenia altissima
marsdenia caatingae
marshallia
marsicus
marsupialis
martagon
martinae
martinezia
martini
martius
marxii
mas
masai
mascarenhasia
mascotensis
massaicum
massoia
massularia
masuyama
matacus
mate
matelea
matelea ganglinosa
materculae
mathewii
mato
matogrossensis
matricaria
matricarioides
matsudana
matthaea
matthiola
matthioli
mattogrossensis
maulinus
maura
mauritanica
mauritanicus
mauritiana
maurorum
max
maxima
maximiliani
maximowicziana
maximowiczii
maximum
maximus
mays
mazama
mecardonia
mecardonia flagellaris
meconella
meconopsis
meconostigma
medea
media
medica
medicago
medicago lesinsii
medicago murex
medicago sativa
medicago truncatula
mediterranea
medium
medius
meehania
mega
megacephala
megacephalus
megalotis
megalura
megaphrynium
megaphrynium macrostachyum
megapolitana
megastigmata
mei
meifolia
melandrium
melandrium album
melanium
melanocephala
melanocephalus
melanochloros
melanoleuca
melanophila
melanops
melanoseris
melanostoma
melanura
melanurus
meleagris
melica
melilotus
melinonii
melissa
mellifera
mellita
melo
melongena
membranacea
memphiticum
mendocinus
mentha
mentha arvensis
menziesii
mercurialis
merianae
meridiana
meridianus
meridionalis
meritus
merremia
merremia aegyptia
merrilliana
mesogaeus
mesophylla
mesopotamica
mesosetum
metagentiana
metajaponicum
metallica
metasequoia
mettenianum
metternichia
metuendus
mexicana
mexicanum
mexicanus
mexipedium
meyeri
meyeriana
micacea
micans
micantiformis
mickelia
micrantha
micranthes
micranthes foliolosa
micranthum
micranthus
microcalyx
microcarpa
microcarpus
microcephala
microcephalum
microcephalus
microdon
microdontum
microlepidotus
microlepis
micropetala
microphylla
microphyllum
microprotus
microps
micropus
microrhynchus
microseris
microtheca
microthlaspi
microtis
microtus
midas
middendorffiana
miersia
miersia chilensis
migratorius
mikania
mikania sericea
mikawanus
milanjiana
mildbraediana
miliaris
milium
milium effusum
milium montianum
millefolium
milleri
millerianum
milvus
mimosa
mimulus
mindorensis
mini
miniatus
minima
minimum
minimus
minor
minthe
minuartia
minuartia anatolica
minuartia corymbulosa
minus
minuta
minutiflorum
minutissima
minutulus
minutus
miqueliana
mira
miranda
mirandus
mire
mirus
miscanthus
miscanthus purpurascens
miscanthus sacchariflorus
miscellus
misera
missurica
mistyllus
mite
mitella
mitis
mitrella
mixta
miyabeanum
mo
mobile
modestus
moellendorffii
mohavensis
moldavicum
mole
moleroi
molesta
molina
molinae
molium
molle
mollinedia
mollis
mollissima
mollissimus
mollusca
molossus
moly
momordica
mona
monancistra
monandra
monantha
monanthogynus
moneses
mongolica
mongolicum
monilis
monitor
mono
monochoria
monochoria vaginalis
monococcum
monoculus
monodora
monosperma
monsanto
monspeliaca
monspeliensis
monstera
monstrosa
montana
montaniformis
montanum
montanus
montensis
montia
montianum
monticola
montis-koyae
montium
moranensis
mordax
mori
moricandia
moricandia arvensis
morifolia
morifolium
morii
morina
morio
morisiana
morrisii
morrowii
mortoniella
morus
mosaic
moschata
moschatellina
moschatus
moschus
mosla
motleyi
mucida
mucosa
mucronata
muelleri
muenchhusia
mulayanum
mulgedium
multflorum
multicaulis
multiceps
multicolor
multicostata
multifida
multiflora
multiflorum
multiflorus
multipinnata
multiradiatus
multispinosus
multivenosum
mulus
mundi
mungo
mungos
munguba
munitum
muralis
murex
muricata
muricatus
murina
murinum
murinus
murorum
mus
musa
musa acuminata
musa ingens
musa textilis
musashiensis
muscadinia
muscari
muscoidea
muscosa
musculus
musella
musineon
mussaenda
musseri
mussotii
mustelinum
mustersi
mutabilis
mutica
muticus
my
myanmarica
myconi
mycteria
myosotis
myrciaria
myriaster
myricaria
myriocarpa
myristica
myrmecia
myrsine
myrtilli
myrtus
mystacinus
mystax
myuros
myurus
na
naja
najas
nakaiana
nakazonei
namaquensis
nambae
namibia
nana
nanchuanicus
nankingense
nanus
napifolia
napulifer
napus
narbonense
narcissoides
narcissus
narcissus dubius
narcissus × alentejanus
nardus
narenga
nasonia
nassella
nasturtium
nasturtium officinale
nasuta
nasutus
natalensis
natans
natrix
nauclea
naudinianus
naufraga
nayaritense
neapolitanus
neblina
nebulosa
nebulosus
neglecta
neglectum
neglectus
nelsonia
nelumbo
nematocera
nematodes
nemesia
nemorensis
nemorivaga
nemorosa
nemorum
nemosenecio
neocaledonica
neomarica
neomarica northiana
neoparrya
neotinea
neotropica
nepa
nepalensis
nephrosperma
nerine
nerium
nervosus
neumanni
neurocallis
neurotrichus
nevada
nevadensis
nicaraguensis
nicolai
nicolletia
nicotiana
nicotiana glauca
nicotiana paniculata
nicotiana rustica
nicotiana sylvestris
nicotiana tabacum
niederleinii
nierembergia
nigella
niger
nigeriae
nigerrima
nigerrimum
nigra
nigrans
nigrescens
nigricans
nigriceps
nigripes
nigrispinus
nigrita
nigritana
nigritarum
nigritus
nigrocaulis
nigromaculata
nigropunctatus
nigroviridis
nigrum
nikoensis
nilotica
niloticus
nimrodi
niobe
nipalensis
niponicum
nipponica
nipponicum
nisus
nitens
nitida
nitidibaccatum
nitidulus
nitidum
nitidus
nitraria
nivale
nivalis
nivea
nivicola
no
noah
nobilis
noccaea
noctiflora
nocturnum
nodiflora
nodiflorum
nodosa
nodosum
nodosus
noltii
nonea
nordestina
normale
norops
northiana
norvegica
norvegicus
notata
notatum
notatus
nothofagus
notholaena
nothoscordum
nothosubsp
nothosubsp.
notoseris
nova
novaeguineae
novaehollandiae
novakii
noxia
nubila
nucifera
nudicaule
nudicaulis
nudum
nudus
numidica
nuphar
nuptialis
nur
nuriae
nutans
nutt.
nuttallii
nymphaea
nymphaeifolium
obesum
obesus
oblitescens
oblonga
oblongifolia
oblongiformis
oblongus
obovata
obovatus
obscura
obscurus
obsoleta
obtusa
obtusangula
obtusetrigona
obtusidens
obtusifolia
obtusifolium
occidentale
occidentalis
occitanica
occulta
occultum
occultus
oceanica
oceanicus
ocellaris
ocellata
ocellatum
ocellatus
ochagavia
ochraceus
ochrocentra
ochroma
ochrosia
ochrostachys
ocimum
octandrus
octodon
octopus
ocularis
oculatus
odobenus
odontadenia
odontadenia hypoglauca
odontarrhena
odontarrhena obovata
odontocheila
odora
odorata
odoratum
odoratus
oedipoda
oedipus
oenanthe
oenothera
oenothera pycnocarpa
officinale
officinalis
officinarum
okamotoi
oklahomensis
okudairaeoides
olax
olbia
oldhamianus
oldhamii
olea
oleae
oleander
oleifera
oleracea
oleraceum
oleraceus
olgae
olidus
oligocephala
oligochaeta
oligosperma
oligostigma
olivacea
olivaceus
oliveri
oliveriana
olivieri
olneya
olneya tesota
olopetalum
olympia
olympica
olyra
omphalodes
ona
oncidium
oncocyclus
oncorhynchus
oncosperma
onoclea
onoei
ononis
onosma
operculina
opertus
ophelia
ophelia chinensis
ophioglossum
ophioglossum petiolatum
ophiopogon
ophiorrhiza
ophrys
opimus
optimum
opulentus
opuntia
orbignyi
orbus
orchis
orchis morio
ordii
oreina
orellana
oreocreticus
oreodoxa
oreophilum
orientale
orientalis
origanum
orinocense
ornata
ornatum
ornatus
ornithogalum
ornithogalum narbonense
ornithogalum umbellatum
ornithopodiodes
ornithorhynchus
orobanche
orobus
ortegioides
orthilia
orthocarpa
orthoclada
orthophyllum
orthophytum
orthophytum amoenum
orthoptera
orthrosanthus
orychophragmus
orychophragmus violaceus
oryza
oryza eichingeri
oryza punctata
oryza rufipogon
oryza sativa
oryzicola
oryzoides
oryzopsis
oryzopsis hymenoides
osimensis
osmanthus
osmunda
osseus
osteophloeum
osteospermum
otomasui
otopappus
ottelia
ourisia
ova
ovalifolium
ovata
ovatum
ovigera
ovina
oxalis
oxalis corymbosa
oxyandra
oxycardium
oxycarpa
oxycomus
oxylepis
oxynotus
oxyodontus
oxyphylla
oxytropis
oxytropis chankaensis
oxyurum
oyama
paa
pachycarpa
pachycereus
pachycereus pringlei
pachycladon
pachygyna
pachynema
pachyphytum
pachyphytum fittkaui
pachysperma
pacifica
pacificus
pacourinoides
pacus
padus
paeonia
paeonia tenuifolia
palaestina
palaestinus
paleacea
paleatus
paliavana
palinacanthum
pallasii
pallens
pallescens
pallida
pallidifrons
pallidus
palma
palmata
palmatilobus
palmeri
paludosa
paludosus
palustre
palustris
pan
panamensis
panax
panda
pandurifolius
panel
paniceum
paniculata
paniculatum
panicum
panicum virgatum
paniscus
panormitanum
panormitanus
panthera
panzera
papa
papangae
papaver
papaver bracteatum
papaver persicum
papaver rhoeas
papaya
paphiopedilum
papilionacea
papillosa
papillosus
papposus
papuanus
papyraceus
papyrifera
par
paradisiaca
paradoxa
paradoxum
paraguariensis
paraguayensis
paraguensis
parallelivenia
parallelus
paralychnophora
paralychnophora reflexoauriculata
parana
paranaensis
parapentas
pararistolochia
parasenecio
parasita
parasitica
pardina
pardoi
pari
pariana
paris
parkia
parkinsonia
parlatorei
parlatoria
parnassia
parnassica
parnassifolius
parodii
parolinia
paronychioides
parrotia
parryi
parthenium
parthenium argentatum
parthenocissus
partimpatens
parva
parviceps
parvidens
parviflora
parviflorum
parvifolium
parvifolius
parviglumis
parvisepalum
parvula
pascopyrum
paspalum
paspalum almum
paspalum dilatatum
paspalum malmeanum
paspalum rufum
paspalum urvillei
passerina
passiflora
pasta
pastinaca
pastinaca sativa
pastoris
pastuchovii
patagonia
patagonica
patagonicum
patella
patens
patis
patula
patulum
pauciflorus
paucijuga
paucinervis
paui
paula
paulensis
paulina
paulinus
paulistanus
paullinia
pavia
pavonia
pax
paysonii
peckoltia
pectinata
pectinatum
pectinatus
pectoralis
pedatum
pedatus
pedestris
pedicellata
pedicellatum
pedilanthus
pedunculare
peduncularis
pelargonium
pelargonium incarnatum
pellaea
pellucens
pellucida
peloponnesiacus
peltastes
peltastes peltatus
peltata
peltatus
pendula
pendulina
penetrans
penicillaria
penicillata
penicillatus
peninsula
peninsulae
penlandii
pennisetum
pennisetum americanum
pennisetum orientale
pennisetum purpureum
pentadactyla
pentadactylus
pentaglottis
pentagona
pentagonus
pentandrum
pentanema
pentaphylla
pentaphyllum
pentelici
peperomia
peploides
peplus
peracarpa
perditus
peregrina
peregrinus
perenensis
perenne
perennis
pereskia
pereskia aculeata
perez-chiscanoi
perforatum
perigynium
perilla
periploca
peristera
peritoma
perraudieriana
perrieri
perryi
persica
persicaria
persicum
persicus
persimilis
personatus
peruanus
peruviana
peruvianus
perviridis
petasites
petiolatus
petitiana
petraea
petri
petrocosmea
petrorhagia
petroselinum
petrosimonia
petrosimonia brachiata
petrosum
petunia
petunia integrifolia
petunia parodii
peucedanum
peumus
pfundii
phacelurus
phaeanthus
phalaenopsis
phalaris
phaseolus
phaseolus leptostachyus
phaseolus macvaughii
phaseolus vulgaris
phegopteris
philodendron
philodendron pedatum
phippsia
phlebopetalum
phleoides
phleum
phleum nodosum
phleum pratense
phlomis
phlomoides
phlox
phlox drummondii
phoeniceum
phoenicoides
phoenix
pholidota
phragmipedium
phragmites
phrygia
phryne
phrynium
phrynium terminale
phureja
phyla
phyllanthus
phyllocalyx
phyllocladus
phyllodes
phyllospadix
phyllospadix iwatensis
phyllostachys
physalis
physaria
piasezkii
picea
picea glauca
piceus
pichleri
pickeli
pickelii
picris
picroides
picta
picturata
pictus
pieris
pierotii
pigra
pilbara
pileata
pilgerana
pilosa
pilosella
pilosellae
pilosocereus
pilosocereus aureispinus
pilosocereus aurisetus
pilosula
pilosum
pilosus
pimenta
pimpinella
pin-faense
pinceana
pinetorum
pinfaensis
pinguicula
pinguicula lusitanica
pini
pinnata
pinnatifida
pinnatum
pinto
pintoi
pinus
piper
piperita
piptatheropsis
piptatherum
piptatherum racemosum
piptocalyx
piptochaetium
piranha
pisang
piscator
pistacia
pisum
pisum sativum
pitcairnia
pitcheri
pittieri
pittosporum
pityrogramma
piuranum
placentina
plagiantha
plana
planata
planifolia
plantae
plantaginifolia
plantaginoides
plantago
plantago lagopus
plantago media
plantago ovata
plantago patagonica
platanthera
platensis
platycarpa
platychaete
platycodon
platycodon grandiflorus
platymitra
platynota
platypetala
platypholis
platyphylla
platypus
platyrhyncha
platyrhynchos
platysma
plebeia
plebejus
plectranthus
pleurospermum
pleurospermum uralense
plicarhachis
plicata
plicatulum
plumbaginifolia
plumeria
plumigerum
plumipes
plurisquamatum
plus
poa
poa shumushuensis
poa sibirica
poa sinaica
poa skvortzovii
poa stepposa
poa sublanata
poa sylvicola
poa tatewakiana
poa trivialis
poa turneri
poa urssulensis
pochota
podocarpium
podocarpus
podophyllum
poecilus
poeticus
pogonias
poldinii
polesica
politus
pollens
pollicaris
polonica
polonicum
polyalthia
polyalthia fragrans
polyalthia humbertii
polyanthes
polycarpa
polyceratia
polychaete
polychaetes
polychroa
polygala
polygaloides
polygonifolius
polygonum
polymorpha
polymorphus
polyodon
polyphyllum
polypodium
polypogon
polypogon monspeliensis
polypterus
polyrhiza
polyschista
polyspermum
polysphaeria
polystachyon
polystachyus
polystichum
pomeranica
pomifera
poncirus
ponera
pongoensis
pontederia
ponticum
ponticus
populnea
populus
porcula
porophyllum
porosus
porphyrocalyx
porrifolius
porrum
porteri
posidonia
pospischilii
potamogeton
potamogeton crispus
potanini
potentilla
potentilla argentea
potentilla atrosanguinea
potentilla sundaica
potentilla thomsonii
pothomorphe
pouzolzia
powellii
praecox
prangos
prasina
pratense
pratensis
pratericola
praticola
pratii
prattii
precatoria
prescottia
pretiosa
pretiosum
preussii
primigenius
primula
primula egaliksensis
primuliflora
primulina
princei
pringlei
prinoides
prior
priori
pritchardia
proboscideus
probstii
procera
procerum
procerus
prockia
procumbens
producta
productus
profusus
prognathus
prolifera
proper
propinquum
prospero
prospero autumnale
prostrata
proteus
proximus
pruiniferum
pruinosa
pruinosus
prunus
prunus avium
prunus cerasus
prunus virginiana
przewalski
przewalskii
psacaliopsis
psammophilum
psammopyrum
psathyrostachys
psathyrostachys huashanica
psathyrostachys juncea
pseudoaquatica
pseudoarenaria
pseudobombax
pseudocapsicum
pseudoechinata
pseudoeriocoma
pseudofluitans
pseudohamatum
pseudolaevipes
pseudoleprosa
pseudolmedia
pseudomirabilis
pseudonarcissus
pseudonutans
pseudoobscura
pseudopaludicola
pseudophoenix
pseudopinnatum
pseudopumila
pseudorepens
pseudoroegneria
pseudoroegneria libanotica
pseudoroegneria spicata
pseudoroegneria stipifolia
pseudoroegneria strigosa
pseudosonchus
pseudotrachydium
pseudotsuga
pseudowintera
psidium
psilanthus
psilathera
psittacus
psophocarpus
psygmorchis
psygmorchis pusilla
psyllium
pteris
pteris cretica
pteris grevilleana
pteropoda
ptilagrostis
ptyas
ptychotis
pubentior
pubera
puberula
pubescens
pubiflora
pubiflorum
puccinellia
puccinellia distans
puccinellia kurilensis
pucciphippsia
pudica
puerilis
puertoricensis
pugense
pulchella
pulchellum
pulchellus
pulcher
pulchra
pulchrum
pulegium
pulicaria
pullingeri
pullus
pulmonaria
pulverulentus
pumila
pumilio
pumilla
pumpellianus
puna
punctata
punctatum
punctulatus
pungens
punica
puniceoluteum
punjabensis
purissima
purpurascens
purpurea
purpureum
purpureus
purus
pusa
puschkinia
pusilla
pusillum
pusillus
pustulatus
pygmaea
pygmaeus
pyramidalis
pyrenaica
pyrenaicus
pyrethrum
pyrifolium
pyriformis
pyrola
pyrrhocactus
pyrrhopappus
pyrus
qaisera
qaradaghense
quadricornis
quadrispinosa
quadrivalvis
quamoclit
quasi
quercetorum
quercinus
quercus
quettensis
quinoa
quinqueflora
rabiei
racemosa
racemosus
raddi
radiata
radiatum
radiatus
radicans
radicata
radiiflorus
raimondii
raja
rajah
ram
ramonda
ramos
ramosa
ramosum
ramuliflora
ramulosus
rana
randalpina
randia
randonia
ranomafana
ranunculus
ranunculus adoneus
ranunculus cantoniensis
ranunculus codyanus
ranunculus diffusus
ranunculus pedatus
ranzania
rapa
raphanifolia
raphanistrum
raphanus
raphanus sativus
raphionacme
rapum
rara
rariflorum
ratum
rauhii
rauvolfia
rauvolfia vomitoria
ravenii
ravennae
rawsonia
re
reali
reaumuria
rechingeri
recondita
recta
recticornis
recurvifolium
redunca
reevesiana
reevesii
reflexa
regale
regia
reginae
regularis
reichardia
reichenbachiana
reichenbachii
reidii
relicta
relictus
remotum
renanthera
renggeri
reniforme
reniformis
repens
repleta
reptans
resiliens
resinosus
reticulata
reticulatum
reticulatus
retrofractum
retusum
revertens
revoluta
rex
reynoutria
rhadamanthi
rhaeticum
rhamnoides
rhanteriopsis
rhapis
rhenana
rheum
rhinoceros
rhinophylla
rhizirideum
rhodantha
rhodax
rhodochlamys
rhododendron
rhodopea
rhodopensis
rhodostachyum
rhoeo
rhombea
rhombeus
rhombicarpa
rhomboideum
rhynchospora
rhynchospora tenuis
ribeiroi
ribes
richardii
ricini
ricinus
rigida
rigidula
rigidum
rileyi
rimosa
ringens
riobambae
riojanus
rionegrensis
rionii
riparius
ripidium
ritensis
rivalis
riviniana
rivularis
roberti
robertianum
robertsii
roborovskii
robusta
robustula
robustus
rochae
rochai
rodolphii
roegneria
roegneria ciliaris
rohlfsianum
rolandra
rollinia
romana
rorippa
rosa
rosae
rosalindae
rosea
roseana
rosellum
roseoalba
roseogrisea
roseum
roseus
rosiflorus
rosmarinifolia
rosmarinifolium
rossii
rostraria
rostraria cristata
rostrata
rostratum
rostratus
rotang
rothiana
rothmannia
rothrockii
rottboellia
rotunda
rotundata
rotundifolia
rotundifolium
rotundifolius
rotundus
roxburghianum
roylei
roystonea
rubella
rubellum
rubens
ruber
rubescens
rubia
rubicaulis
rubicundus
rubida
rubiginosa
rubovietnamia
rubra
rubricaulis
rubrolineata
rubrum
rubus
rubus parvifolius
rudgeana
rudis
rueppellii
rufescens
rufifrons
rufipes
rufipogon
rufum
rufus
rugelii
rugosa
rugulosa
ruiz-lealii
rumex
rumex acetosa
rumex papillaris
rumphii
runcinatum
rungsuriyanum
rupestre
rupestris
rupicola
ruppellii
rusa
ruscinonensis
russa
russatus
russulus
rustica
rusticanus
ruta
rutabaga
ruthenica
ruthii
rutidosis
rutila
rutilans
rutilus
ruziziensis
rybinii
rytidosperma
rytidosperma thomsonii
ryukyuensis
saba
sabal
sabdariffa
sabicea
sabina
sacchariflorus
saccharina
saccharum
saccharum officinarum
saccharum robustum
saccharum spontaneum
sachalinensis
sacoila
sacoila argentina
sacrosancta
saevus
sagittata
sagittifolius
saintpaulia
salamandra
saldanha
salicina
salicornia
salinus
salix
salix suchowensis
salsola
salta
saltator
saltatoria
saltensis
salvador
salvadori
salvia
salvia pratensis
salvinia
salvinia natans
salvinii
salzmannii
samia
sancta
sanguinea
sanguineus
sanguinolenta
sanguinolentus
sanguisorba
sanguisuga
sanicula
santalum
santolina
sapidus
sapota
sarasinorum
sarcocaulon
sarcocornia
sardinia
sareptanus
sargus
sari
sarracenorum
sarson
sartor
saruma
saruma henryi
sasa
sasanqua
sat
sativa
sativum
sativus
sauria
sauromatum
sauropus
saussurea
sauteri
savi
saviczii
savii
savilei
sawanense
saxatilis
saxicola
saxifraga
saxifraga filicaulis
saxifraga virginiensis
scaber
scabiosa
scabiosa olivieri
scabiosae
scabra
scabrella
scabrescens
scabrida
scabriflorum
scabriflorus
scabrum
scadoxus
scaevola
scaevola taccada
scalaris
scandens
scandinavica
scandix
scania
scaposum
scardica
scariola
sceleratus
sceptrum
schedonorus
schesslii
schiedeana
schima
schimperana
schimperi
schimperiana
schinzianum
schirensis
schizachyrium
schizocarpa
schizozygia
schizozygia coffeoides
schlegelii
schleicheri
schliebenii
schlimii
schneideri
schoenoprasum
schoenus
schomburgkii
schottii
schreberi
schrenkianum
schulzia
schulzia prostrata
schulzii
scilla
scilla autumnalis
scilla cyrenaica
scilla scilloides
scilloides
scirpeum
scirpidium
sciureus
sciurus
sclerostachya
scoparia
scorpioides
scorzonera
scorzonera taurica
scorzonerifolium
scotica
scotophilus
scribneri
scripta
scriptus
scrophularia
scurrilis
scutellaria
scutellaria baicalensis
scutellata
searsii
sebiferum
secale
secale cereale
secalinum
sechellensis
sect.
secundum
sedifolia
sedum
sedum suaveolens
segmentata
segnis
selaginella
selaginoides
selenipedium
selloana
sellowiana
sellowii
semibarbata
semicostatus
semidecandrum
semidentata
semifasciata
semifertile
seminole
semisterile
semivestita
semperflorens
sempervirens
senecio
senecio cambrensis
senecio nikoensis
senecio squalidus
senecio vulgaris
senegal
senegalensis
seniculus
senilis
senna
sepal
sepium
seposita
seppikoense
septentrionalis
septilobus
sequoia
sequoia sempervirens
sera
serapias
serbica
sericea
series
seriphidium
serjania
serotina
serotinus
serpentaria
serpentina
serpentini
serpocaulon
serpyllifolia
serra
serrana
serrata
serratifolius
serratula
serratum
serrulatum
serrulatus
serum
sesamoides
sesamum
sesban
sesbania
seseli
seseli indicum
sesleria
sesleria caerulea
sesleria uliginosa
sessile
sessilifolia
setacea
setaceum
setaria
setaria barbata
setaria glauca
setifer
setigerum
setosa
setulosa
sevanense
shandongensis
shantungensis
sharonensis
sherffii
shinzatoi
shuka
siamang
siamensis
sibbaldia
siberica
sibirica
sibiricus
sibthorpiana
sicula
sida
sidalcea
sideritis
siderosticta
sidoides
sieberi
sieheana
sierra
sigesbeckia
sigillata
signifer
silene
silene conoidea
silene latifolia
silerifolius
silvestris
silvianthus
silvicola
similis
simillimum
simonii
simplex
simulans
simulatus
simum
sinai
sinaica
sinapis
sinapis alba
sinense
sinensis
sing
singaporensis
singularis
sinicus
sinningia
sinofloribunda
sinomontanum
sinosenecio
sinosenecio albonervius
sinosenecio baojingensis
sinosenecio chienii
sinosenecio homogyniphyllus
sinosenecio hupingshanensis
sinosenecio jiangxiensis
sinosenecio nanchuanicus
sinosyriacus
sinskajae
sintenisii
sion
siphisia
sisymbrium
sisymbrium austriacum
sisymbrium strictum
sisyrinchium
sisyrinchium filifolium
sitiaca
sitopsis
sivas
sixalix
skalinskanum
skimmia
skvortzovii
smallanthus
smeathmannii
smilacina
smilax
smithii
smyrnensis
soconuscana
soda
sodalis
sofia
soja
sol
sola
solanum
solanum acaule
solanum brevicaule
solanum brevidens
solanum bulbocastanum
solanum chacoense
solanum commersonii
solanum demissum
solanum lycopersicum
solanum melongena
solanum scabrum
solanum stoloniferum
solanum tuberosum
solanum verrucosum
solanum × rechei
soldanella
solea
solenopsis
solidago
soliman
solimoesense
solisii
solitaria
solitarius
solum
somai
somalia
somalicus
somaliensis
somedanum
somnians
somniferum
sonchifolia
sonchus
sonchus tenerrimus
soniae
sonneratia
sonora
sons
soongorica
sophia
sophora
sorbus
sordidus
sorghum
sorghum bicolor
sorghum grande
sorghum halepense
soricina
souza
sparattanthelium
sparattanthelium amazonum
sparganium
sparrmanii
spartina
spartina alterniflora
spartina anglica
spartina foliosa
spathacea
spathiphyllum
spathula
spathulata
speciosa
speciosus
spectabilis
spectra
spectrum
spekei
spelta
speltoides
sphacelata
sphaeralcea
sphaericus
sphaerium
sphaerocarpos
sphaerocephala
sphaerocephalon
sphaerocephalus
sphaerospermus
sphenoptera
sphinx
spicata
spicatum
spicatus
spicigera
spiculigerum
spina
spinacia
spinacia oleracea
spinidens
spinifer
spinifera
spinifex
spiniger
spinipes
spinosa
spinosissimus
spinosus
spirale
spiralis
spirodela
splendens
spongia
spontaneum
sporobolus
squalidus
squalus
squamata
squamipes
squammata
squamosa
squamulatum
squarrosa
stacei
stachys
stagnalis
stagnina
stangeria
stanleyi
staphisagria
status
stegnogramma
stejnegeri
stellaria
stellaria graminea
stellaria media
stellaria monosperma
stellaria semivestita
stellaris
stellata
stellatum
stellatus
stelleri
stelleroides
stellipilum
stemmadenia
stemmadenia galeottiana
stemodia
stemodia hyptoides
stenodrepanum
stenolepis
stenopetalum
stenopterus
stenosperma
stenostachyus
stenotomum
stephanophorus
stephanostema
stepposa
stepposus
sterile
sterrochaetia
steveniana
stevenii
stevia
stewartia
stictospora
stigmosus
stillingia
stilpnopappus
stipa
stipa californica
stipecoma
stipecoma peltigera
stipellula
stipifolia
stipulacea
stipularia
stipulata
stiriaca
stocksiana
stoebe
stolonifera
stoloniferum
stoloniformis
stonei
straminea
stramineus
stramonium
strasburgeria
strasburgeria robusta
strepens
strepsiceros
streptocarpus
streptocarpus beampingaratrensis
striata
striatocarpum
striatus
stricta
strictum
strigata
strigilatum
strigosa
strobilanthes
strobiliferus
strobus
strongyloides
strophanthus
struthium
strychnos
sturmii
sturtianum
stylophorum
stylosanthes
suaeda
suaeda maritima
suaveolens
suavis
subangustum
subarticulata
subaspera
subcapitata
subcoriaceus
subcristata
subcylindricus
suberosa
subfasciatus
subflavus
subglobosa
subintricata
sublanata
sublimis
submediterranea
suborbiculata
subpeltata
subpeltatum
subreticulata
subrosulatus
subrotata
subsessile
subsinuatum
subsp
subsp.
subspinosus
subterranea
subterraneum
subterraneus
subtibetanus
subtilis
subulatum
subvillosum
sudetica
suecica
suffruticosa
sugimotoi
sulla
sum
sumatraensis
sumatrana
summilusitana
sundaica
sungpanensis
superans
superba
superbus
superciliaris
superior
supianum
supina
sur
surattensis
surculosum
surinamensis
suspectum
sutherlandioides
suturalis
suzukii
swazilandensis
swinhoei
sykakiengii
sylvarum
sylvatica
sylvaticum
sylvaticus
sylvestris
sylvicola
symphyomyrtus
symphytum
symphytum officinale
synapsis
syncerus
syngonium
synotis
synotis xinningensis
synthesis
syriaca
syriacum
syriacus
tabacina
tabacum
tabebuia
tabernaemontana
tabernaemontani
tacsonia
tadgellii
tadshikorum
taenia
taeniatherum
tagbanua
tagetes
tagetes jaliscensis
tagetes patula
tainia
taiwaniana
takara
takesimana
takhtajania
talaverae
talinensis
talpa
tamariscinus
tamarix
tambourissa
tamiana
tanacetum
tanaicense
tanaitica
tanaiticus
tandangii
tanganyikensis
tangelo
tanguticum
tapirus
taquari
tara
tarandus
taraw
taraxacum
taraxacum stevenii
tasmaniensis
tatarica
tataricus
tatewakiana
tatiana
tatsienense
tau
tauari
taurica
taurus
tauschii
tawushanianum
taxus
tazetta
tchihatcheffii
tecoma
tectorum
tef
teff
telekia
tellima
tempskyanum
tenebrosa
tenella
tenellum
tenellus
tener
tenerrimus
tenerum
tenthredinifera
tenuicornis
tenuiflora
tenuiflorum
tenuifolia
tenuifolium
tenuifolius
tenuiloba
tenuipes
tenuis
teotepecensis
tephroseris
tephrosia
terminale
terminalia
termini
ternarius
terra
terrestris
terricola
terricolor
tesota
testacea
tetrachne
tetradactylus
tetragona
tetrameranthus
tetraodon
tetrapathaea
tetraploidea
tetraploidum
tetrapora
tetrastigma
texana
textile
teydea
teyucuarensis
thai
thalassica
thalassodendron
thalia
thalia geniculata
thaliana
thalictroides
thalictrum
thalictrum foetidum
thalictrum foliolosum
thapsia
thaumatococcus
thea
thelypteris
themeda
theobroma
theophrasti
theriaca
thermopsis
thermopsis alpina
thevetia
thi
thibetica
thinopyrum
thinopyrum bessarabicum
thinopyrum elongatum
thinopyrum intermedium
thinopyrum junceiforme
thinopyrum junceum
thinopyrum ponticum
thlaspi
thomasii
thompsonii
thomsonii
thoracica
thracica
thrinax
thunbergianus
thunbergii
thurberi
thymiflorum
thymus
thymus loscosii
thyrsiflora
thyrsiflorum
ti
tianschanica
tianschanicum
tibetia
tibetica
tibeticus
ticodendron
tigrina
tigrinum
till
timopheevii
timorensis
tinctoria
tinctorius
tingitana
titanium
titanotrichum
titi
tiubae
tocoyena
toetoe
tokioensis
tokudae
tokunoshimensis
tokyoensis
tolmiea
tomentella
tomentosa
tomentosiformis
tomentosum
tomentosus
tomitaroanum
tommasinianus
tonkinensis
tora
tordyliopsis
tordyliopsis brunonis
torilis
torquata
torquatus
tortifolius
tosaensis
totara
toto
tournefortii
townsendii
toxicofera
trabutii
trachomitum
trachycaulum
trachycaulus
trachycephalus
trachyphrynium
trachypogon
trachystemon
trachystoma
trachystoma ballii
tradescantia
tradescantia ambigua
tradescantia paludosa
tragopogon
tragopogon orientalis
tragus
transcaspicus
transcaucasia
transcaucasicum
transcaucasicus
transitionalis
transmontanus
transsylvanicum
transversale
trapezuntinus
traubii
tremolsii
tremula
trianae
triandra
triandrus
triangularis
triaristatum
tribulus
trichechus
trichera
trichodon
tricholemma
trichophorum
trichophyllus
trichopoda
trichopyrum
trichosanthes
tricolor
tricuspis
tricyrtis
tridactylis
tridactylus
tridax
tridens
tridentata
trifida
trifidum
triflora
trifolia
trifoliata
trifoliatus
trifolium
trifolium pratense
trifolium repens
trifolium subterraneum
trifurcatus
triglochidiatus
trigona
trigonella
trigonella brachycarpa
trigonella coerulescens
trigonella corniculata
trigonella procumbens
trigonobalanus
trigonobalanus verticillata
trigonophylla
trilineata
trilineatus
trillium
triloba
trilobata
trimaculatus
trimestris
trimezia
trinerve
trinervius
trinii
trinitatis
tripartita
tripartitus
tripedale
triphyophyllum
tripidium
tripleurospermum
tripleurospermum subpolare
tripogon
tripsacoides
tripsacum
tripsacum dactyloides
tripterocarpa
triquetrum
triseriale
trisetum
trisetum flavescens
tristachya
tristagma
tristis
trita
triteleia
trithrinax
triticale
triticeum
triticina
triticosecale
triticum
triticum aegilopoides
triticum aestivum
triticum boeoticum
triticum crassum
triticum dicoccoides
triticum durum
triticum monococcum
triticum syriacum
triticum tauschii
triticum timopheevii
triticum turgidum
triticum urartu
trititrigia
tritordeum
triumfetta
triumfetta pilosa
triumfetti
triumfettii
triuncialis
triviale
trivialis
troglodytes
troodi
tropicalis
tropidia
truei
truncata
truncatula
truncatus
tschernieviana
tschimganica
tschimganicus
tschonoskii
tsoala
tsukushiense
tuberaria
tuberarium
tuberculata
tuberculatus
tuberculosus
tuberosa
tuberosum
tuberosus
tubulifera
tubulosa
tulipa
tulipifera
tullia
tunicata
turanecio
turanecio eriospermus
turanecio pandurifolius
turbinata
turcica
turcicum
turcicus
turczaninovii
turczaninowii
turdus
turgidum
turkestanica
turnera
turnera sidoides
turneri
turrialbense
turritis
turritus
tweediana
tweedieanum
typhoides
typhonium
typhonium jinpingense
typicus
typus
ubipetrense
ucranica
uda
ulex
uliginosa
uliginosum
ulmacea
ulmifolia
umbellata
umbellatum
umbellatus
umbelliformis
umbellulata
umbra
umbratile
umbrella
umbrinus
una
uncinata
uncinatum
uncinatus
undata
undulata
undulatifolium
undulatum
undulatus
unguicularis
unguiculata
unguiculatum
unguiculatus
uniaristata
uniaristatum
unicolor
unidentata
uniflora
uniflorum
uniflorus
uniformis
unigenes
unilaterale
uniloba
uninervis
uplandicum
uralensis
urartu
urbani
urbanianum
urceolina
urelytrum
urginea
urinaria
urochloa
urophylla
urospermum
urospermum picroides
ursinus
urssulensis
urtica
urticifolia
uruguayensis
urvillea
urvillei
usitatissimum
ussuriensis
ustulatum
uvariopsis
vaccinium
vaccinum
vaginalis
vaginatum
vaillantianum
valdiviensis
valeriana
valeriana jatamansi
valeriana officinalis
valerianella
valida
vallisneriifolia
valparaiso
vamana
vanda
vandellia
vanillosmopsis
var
var.
vardarensis
varia
variabilis
variable
variegata
variegatum
variegatus
varius
varnensis
varroniifolius
vasconcellea
vat.
vauquelinia
vavilovia
vavilovii
veatchii
veitchii
vella
vella pseudocytisus
vellozia
vellozia glabra
vellozia variegata
velutinus
venezuelae
venosus
ventosa
ventricosa
ventricosum
ventricosus
venusta
venustula
venustus
vera
verbascum
verde
verecundus
vermiculare
vermiculata
verna
vernale
vernalis
vernicia
vernonia
vernum
vernus
veronica
verruciferum
verrucosa
verrucosus
versatile
versicolor
versteegii
vertebrata
verticillata
verticilliflorum
vesca
vescum
vescus
vesicaria
vesper
vespertilio
vestita
vestitus
vetulus
vetusta
vicia
vicia cracca
vicia faba
vicioides
victor
victoria
victoria amazonica
victoris
vigilis
vigna
vignea
vignei
villaria
villiferus
villosa
villosissimus
villosula
villosum
villosus
viminalis
viminea
vinacea
vinca
vinca rosea
vinifera
viola
viola betonicifolia
viola canescens
viola collina
viola tricolor
violacescens
violaceum
violaceus
virens
virescens
vireya
virgata
virgatum
virgatus
virginiana
virginianus
virginica
virginiensis
virgulus
viridans
viridis
viridulus
virilis
virola
viscum
visianii
vitis
vitis vinifera
vitis-idaea
vittae
vittata
vittatus
vivipara
voanioala
volans
vomitoria
vosseleri
vulgare
vulgaria
vulgaris
vulgata
vulgatum
vulpecula
vulpes
vulpia
vulpinus
vuralia
wagneri
walkeri
walleri
wallichii
warnockii
warramaba
washingtonia
watsonia
watsoniana
webbiana
weinmannia
weldeniana
welwitschia
welwitschii
wenchuanense
wendlandiella
wendlandii
werneria
westfalica
wheeleri
whitei
wichurae
wilderi
willdenowii
wimmeri
withania
wolffia
woodwardia
wrightiana
wrightii
wui
wuzhishanensis
wyvern
xantha
xanthina
xanthinum
xanthocephalum
xanthospilus
xerocalyx
xerolekia
xerophyta
xilinensis
xingyiensis
xinningensis
xiphium
xolantha
xolocotzii
xylopia
xymalos
yangii
yessoensis
yezoense
yilingii
yolandae
ypsilandra
yucatanensis
yucca
yunnanense
zachlensis
zajacii
zamia
zantedeschia
zawadskii
zea
zea diploperennis
zea mays
zea perennis
zeae
zebra
zedoaria
zephyranthes
zephyranthes brachyandra
zephyranthes robusta
zephyranthes rosea
zephyranthes sylvatica
zeta
zeylanica
zeylanicum
zeylonensis
zhukovskyi
ziganaense
zigzag
zingeria
zingeria biebersteiniana
zingeria trichopoda
ziziphus
zizyphus
zoellnerallium
zonaria
zonatus
zostera
zostera marina
zosterella
zuluensis
zygis
zygoptera
